What you'll learn
Spring Framework Core Features - Spring IOC Container, Beans, AutoConfigurations

You will learn the fundamentals of Spring Framework from zero, no previous experience is required

Dependency Injection

Learn Spring MVC Concepts

Spring Boot Internals, Spring Initializr, and Starter Projects

Lombok - Simplify your Java code with Lombok.

Setting up an In-Memory Database with H2 DB

Spring Bean Data Validation

Exception Handling in Spring Boot Application

Reformatting the Response Object - Polish those responses until they shine!

Building Spring Boot REST APIs - Create REST APIs with ease

Mini Project: Restful Web Services - Put your skills to the test with a mini project

Master Spring Data JPA from Basics to Custom Queries with MySQL and PostgreSQL

Configuring Hibernate ORM with JDBC

Spring Data JPA Query Methods

Using DTO Pattern and Mapping Libraries

Monitor your applications with Spring Boot Actuator

Spring Documentation with Swagger and Open API

Supercharge your development with Spring Dev Tools

Logging - Keep track of everything with logging

Auditing - Keep track of App's History

REST Template and Third-Party APIs - Integrate third-party APIs with ease

Secure your REST APIs with Spring Security 6 and SQL Database

Create a registration and login system with Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Spring Data JPA, and MySQL

Third-Party Registration System with Google OAuth and JWT Authentication

Implement role-based access control with Spring Boot Authorization and SQL Database

Fine-tune roles and permissions, secure methods, and customize error pages

Secure passwords with encoding. Keep those passwords safe from prying eyes!

Master the User Session Management

Testing with JUnit and Assert Methods

Integration Tests for Reactive CRUD REST APIs

Master Mockito for unit testing

Use Spring Profiles to manage different environments like dev, stage and prod

Learn to creat buildspec to define the build flow

Create Pipelines for CI/CD using AWS Codepipeline

Deploying with CodePipeline and CodeDeploy on Elastic Beanstalk

Aspect-Oriented Programming

Various Advice Types: Before, After, After Throwing Advice

Redis Spring Cache to make your cache smarter and faster!

Implement publish/subscribe messaging with Redis

Using Apache Kafka in Spring Boot

Understanding Kafka's architecture

Kafka Publisher and Kafka Consumer

Spring Boot Messaging with RabbitMQ

Spring Cloud Stream using Kafka Binder

Introduction to Microservices

Monolithic vs. Microservice Architecture

Key Microservice Principles and Advantages

Creating REST APIs in Microservice Architecture

Microservices Communication using RestTemplate, WebClient, and Cloud OpenFeign

Service Registry and Discovery using Spring Cloud Netflix Eureka

API Gateway using Spring Cloud Gateway

Auto Refresh Config Changes using Spring Cloud Bus

Secure your microservices with JWT

Distributed Tracing with Spring Cloud Sleuth and Zipkin

Resilience4J: Circuit Breaker, Retry, and RateLimiter Patterns

Centralized Configuration using Spring Cloud Config Server

Centralized Logging using Elasticsearch, Logstash and Kibana Stack

Docker Setup and Commands

Dockering Spring Boot Application Step-by-Step

Learn Docker's role in microservices. Understand how Docker revolutionizes microservice deployment!

Use Docker Compose. Orchestrate multi-container Docker applications with ease!

Understand Kubernetes in Microservices. Master container orchestration with Kubernetes!

Orchestration using Kubernetes

Use the Kubernetes Dashboard. Visualize and manage your Kubernetes clusters with an intuitive UI!

Configure Kubernetes. Set up your Kubernetes clusters for optimal performance!

Deploying Microservices to Kubernetes Cluster

Utilizing Kubernetes services for load balancing and scaling




https://javarevisited.blogspot.com/search/label/hibernate%20interview%20questions?max-results=3




